there's a lot that goes behind I know
it's only 15 seconds when you're
actually there at the show but for so
much that goes into a successful run you
got to have your horses you know the
proper nutrition and the proper exercise
program a good shoe that's really
important and you have to have good
timing with you or you gotta feel you
know what your horse needs as far as
when you're good when you come down an
alleyway some days they're you know
they're doing more their job on their
own they don't need as much help some
days it kind of looks like us they have
their off days you got to do you got to
help hold it more and especially when
you're dealing with you know kids like
ages you know filets ages and younger
you know they have a shorter attention
span to you know and it's very
challenging to get because it unlikes
you know sports and stuff it's not just
a person you got a whole nother live
animal with a mine
I want a body of its own that you've got
to figure out how to get yourself in
that horse together and like I said that
if you got to have them in good shape it
takes you know it's half an hour every
day that would give me Sundays off
usually unless we're gone you know you
got to give him rest
they got to have exercise endurance they
got to see the Barrow song you know the
ones that have been there done that
like Redman he didn't do the barrels
unless we're out of shoes because he
knows when he goes in an alleyway what
his job is and horses like him are
really special because there's not many
like him and he's 19 and still went out
there and kicking butt
basically is a priority I have to keep
straight I used to ride or otherwise
they wouldn't let me miss school or
anything up and riding for seven years
now you have to keep that horse in shape
you have to keep its tendons good you
got to keep the vet coming out here keep
it shooed right just everything make
sure it's in good enough condition to go
to the bail race and all that heat and
just stay ready my poles want me to go
into some sort of business management
because there's a lot of different
things you can go into after that
I'm really smart in math I guess
we
do mostly barrel racing across with like
a cutting breeze so they'll be really
tourney with a lot of running hopefully
and we just got a new stood about it not
even a year ago and he's a running stood
so I guess we're gonna start doing just
all running and hopefully he'll work out
you're looking for one with a good mind
so when you're going to the rodeo who's
not acting all crazy you want them to
have good conformation to hold up a long
time not having to call the vet out here
every day and you just want a nice
pretty horse they breathe a lot and
racehorse is here they haven't done it
for a long time so we've only got a few
that she's running now they're actually
been bred here most of them are still 2
and 3 and we're still making barrel
noises out of them but most of her
really good ones that she's running now
that have been bought from other people
and but that's what we're working on
what we're working on being able to
raise the kind of horses that she can go
and
I'm just like Redman and Nikki and she's
got a good string of horses right now
and we got a lot of prospects a two and
three-year-olds they're looking really
good right now
I'm not changes I like the horses well
I'm I'm wanting to go to a big college
where I can they have a good rodeo team
maybe Texas A&M or something out that
away and then come back home and try to
make the effort